Document Snaps homepages (#1082)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: snaps/index.mdx

      title: "Localization",
      description: "Translate your snap UI based on the user's locale.",
      flaskOnly: true
    },
    {
      icon: require("./assets/features/homepage.png").default,
      href: "reference/permissions#endowmentpage-home",

>       title: "Home Page",
>       description: "Presented a dedicated UI page in MetaMask for your Snap",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: "Home pages",
      description: "Present a dedicated UI page in MetaMask for your Snap.",
```
